- [Narrator] So now let's go ahead
and test out the deserializers,
so first let's go to object mapper,
and in order that the deserializer also takes effect,
we need to set it, okay,
and this time we need both of them together.
Config dot with deserializers, that's the method,
and you just instantiate your Person Deserializer.
Okay, so the config object is ready with us,
let's go back to test serializers.
We have already collected the jsonb instance
on line number 29, carefully.
We have taken the getObjectMapper call.
And made sure that the constant object is
definitely ready with us to create the default
jsonb engine instance. So that's ready with us.
We've will also see how to serialize it.
All of it is ready.
Now we need to make sure that this call becomes active.
So let me un comment to this now.
Let's format this call. Okay.
So now what we are doing as a part of deserialization
we just calling the fromjson api,
passing the serialized result, and
the type of course is this. Right?
So there is no need to write this again.
You already have it captured in the variable on line 28.
You can just pass it on line 34.
Okay, let's see this now.
Oh yeah. See how wonderful the result is?
That's the result of the serialization process. Right?
And now, when you have the list back after re-serialization,
under that list you have one object,
which is of the professor type,
and the other object which is
of the software development type,
along with their respective attributes.
Of course, please don't worry that you are not able to see
the name and the email, that is because
your professor being, let's take a look at that,
your professor two string method does not have
the name and email fields included.
Of course you can append those fields here.
And then you definitely get to see
even the name and the email. So let's quickly do that.
Let's also take the label.
So I'm going to say carry out this entire thing.
Copy. Paste.
That will be the name, and how do we get the name?
We have to say super dot getname. Okay.
And one more time, that will be for the email.
So this will be super dot getEmail. Okay.
The same thing we'll have to do for the
software development class as well, so,
let's go ahead and copy this on line 47.
Go to the software developer bean,
write in the two string method down there,
and just copy this. Alright.
So now let's go ahead and test out again,
in order to see everything in one single shot.
Okay, let's see the output. Yeah.
Very good. So, along with the other field you also have
the name and the respective email coming in for
both of the guys. So Chandler and Ross have finally met
at the meet up conference, and that was possible because
we used serializers and deserializers.